             2. Read the telephone dialogue between Nick and George and underline the correct verb:
             George: Hi, Nick! What are you doing / do you do now?
             Nick:      I’m doing / I do my homework. There is / There was one more exercise for me to finish.
                         What about you?
             George: I’m eating / I eat an apple. I am always eating / I always eat fruit after homework.
             Nick:       Was Peter calling you / Did Peter call you? I didn’t see him /I don’t see him at school
                          this morning.
             George:	Yes, he does / he did but my mother was answering / answered the phone.
                          I was having / I had a bath. I’m going to call him back.
             Nick:        Good. Ask him if we can go for a walk.


             3. Comparisons
             Look at the pictures of the three animals and compare them using the following adjectives: clever,
             dangerous, beautiful, frightening, big, friendly, heavy.




               C. Reading
             Read the text and answer the True / False questions:

                  THE YO-YO
                                   The yo-yo has been very popular throughout world history and may be the
                                second oldest toy in the world (after dolls). We can see ancient Greek yo-yos
                                made of terra cotta in museums in Athens and yo-yo pictures on the walls of
                                Egyptian temples. We know that important men as Napoleon and the Duke of
                                Wellington used to play with yo-yo. It was popular with any generation such as
               with kids from 1 to 100 years old.
                   The modern story of the yo-yo starts with a young gentleman from the Philippines, named
               Pedro Flores. In the 1920s, he moved to the USA, and worked as a porter at a Santa Monica
               hotel. Carving and playing with wooden yo-yos was a traditional pastime in the Philippines, but
               Pedro found that when he was playing yo-yo during his lunch break a crowd gathered to watch
               him. The name “yo-yo,” which means “come-come” started at this hotel. He started a company
               to make the toys, calling it the Flores Yo-Yo Company.
                   Donald F. Duncan, a businessman first met the yo-yo during a business trip to California.
               A year later, in 1929, he returned and bought the company from Flores, with the magic name
               “yo-yo.” About this time, Duncan introduced the looped slip-string, which allows the yo-yo to
               slip - a necessity for advanced tricks.
                   The biggest yo-yo boom in history hit was in 1962, because of TV advertising.


             44                                    Pupil’s Workbook • REVIEW 1-5




10-0148_AGGLIKA_TETRADIO.indb 44                                                                                    1/9/14 2:55 PM
