                                            W           O          R         K          B      O      O        K

             C. READING and WRITING
             1. Your friend Nick has gone to Bucksport, Maine, United States.
                Read his letter and answer these questions:




                                                          Helen and me
                                                          with George
                                                          Hurley



                                     a. Where is Bucksport?
                                     b. Is Nick alone at Bucksport?
                                     c. What is he doing at the moment?
                                     d. What is the weather like in Bucksport?
                                     e. What kind of work do the people of
                                         Bucksport do?
                                     f. What do people do in their free time?
                                     g. What places of interest can you visit in
                                         Bucksport?
                                                                      Bucksport, Maine




             Dear Tom and Jane,
                 I’m so happy to be here at Bucksport, a small town in the State of Maine. The weather is
             cold and snowy. Helen and I are staying at George Hurley’s, our friend’s house. The Hurleys are
             very nice people.  At the moment we are having a hot cup of tea and enjoying the fantastic view
             of the harbour. Mrs Hurley, our friend’s mother, is baking some brownies for us. Brownies are
             people’s favourite dessert here.
                 Bucksport is a quiet, coastal town at the end of Penobscot Bay. The visitors enjoy the view of
             Fort Knox which stands across the bay. The people of Bucksport work in the paper mill - the
             International Paper Company- of the town or they run their own business. They are very friendly,
             hospitable and talkative. They like sports very much. They usually ski, sail, play golf, basketball or
             tennis. When they don’t do sports, they take a walk along the mile-long marina.   
                 Bucksport is a special town to visit. I’m so happy here. I don’t want to leave this relaxing
             place.
                 Kisses
                 Nick


                                         Pupil’s Workbook • UNIT 1 - Our multicultural class                      5




10-0148_AGGLIKA_TETRADIO.indb 5                                                                                       1/9/14 2:54 PM
