             UNIT 9




              Lesson 1           An Earth Day Story
              1. Reading

                           A. Look at the picture and read the
                               title of the story. What do you
                              think the story is about?

                                                          S
                                         STRATEGIE
                        LEARNING                         s…
                                            new word
                        When I learn                   ry new word
                               to  re mind me eve                     d stick
          I draw a p  ic tu re
                                          s o n p ie ce s of paper an
                          s/ senten   ce
           I write word
                                wall
                 them on the                song/ story
                          w words in a                  s (hangman,
            I use the ne             w ith my friend
                           g am e s
             I play word
                                  .)
                  scrabble, etc
                                                        What Can I Do?
                     Mark came back from school very sad. His mother looked at him and said: ‘You look very sad.
                                          It seems that you had a rough day. What happened?’
                  “Today, in science, the teacher was talking about Earth Day and the environment. Earth Day is a day
              when every person promises to do something to protect our world from pollution. Mrs. Green was telling
              us that many companies do not do their best in order to get rid of their industrial waste. She said that our
              world is getting dirtier and that many animals and plants are becoming extinct. She wants us to think of
              something we can do to help. On the way home, I thought that there is nothing I can do. I can’t stop the
              companies from polluting our air and dumping toxic waste in the sea and I can’t save all of the animals!
                                       There is not anything that I can do to make a difference.”
                    Mark’s mother sat for a minute, thinking. “Let me tell you a story that your grandfather told me.
               I don’t know where he heard it, but I think that it might help you think about the problem in a different
                                                            way.” She began:
                              “One morning a man was walking down a beach covered with dying starfish.
               The night before the tide had been especially strong and had washed up thousands of starfish on shore.
               The man was sorry that all the starfish would die on the beach. He came upon a boy who was throwing
              starfish back into the ocean as fast as he could. The boy was out of breath and it was obvious that he had
                                                 done a lot of work as he looked tired.
                  “Son,” the man said, “you might as well quit. There are thousands of them. There is no way you can
                                                     make any sort of a difference.”
                 The boy did not even stop in what he was doing. He kept bending and throwing but as he did, he spoke
                             to the man: “I can make a difference to this one, and this one, and this one.”
                    And the man knew the boy was right. He began to help return the animals to their home, and kept
                          thinking that sometimes little children can teach elderly people real lessons in life.
                   Mark stared at his mother. “But he did make a difference, didn’t he? To every starfish that he threw
                back in?” His mother nodded, smiling. He sat for a moment, thinking about what his mother had said.
                      “So, what it means is that even though I can’t change everything, I can make a big difference
                                                 by doing the little things that matter?”


              98                                      Pupil’s Book • UNIT 9 - Earth Day Everyday • Lesson 1




10-0147_AGGLIKA.indb 98                                                                                                      1/21/14 10:51 AM
