             UNIT 3




              Lesson 1         Old and modern Creatures
              People have always made up stories about mysterious creatures, which they believe look different from
              ordinary people and have special, supernatural powers that ordinary people do not have.

              1. Reading
                             A. Look at the monsters a-c below and match
                                 them to the titles of the texts:




                                       a

                                                                                                c




                                                                     b




               B. Read the texts and put the missing sentences A-D in the
                  correct place.

               A. they get married and they have children.
               B. Then he swims off with his pockets full of sailors.
               C. They soon fall in love with each other and get married.
               D. Everywhere he goes, people and animals flee.


                          Polyphemus the Cyclops
                  1 The  Cyclopes are one-eyed huge, savage creatures, tall like trees. They live on an island where
                    they do nothing but fight with each other for the wild goats, trying to find enough food to fill
                their huge bellies. Storms often bring shipwrecked sailors to their island. The Cyclopes catch and eat
                them alive.
                The largest and fiercest of the Cyclopes is named Polyphemus. He always keeps vigil on his
                mountain, fair weather or foul. If he spots a ship, he dives into the sea and swims underwater, coming
                up underneath the ship and overturning it, 1__________. However, according to Homer, Ulysses
                manages to escape from his cave, because he is smarter and more cunning than Polyphemus



                26                           Pupil’s Book • UNIT 3 - Imaginary Creatures • Lesson 1




10-0147_AGGLIKA.indb 26                                                                                                  1/21/14 10:50 AM
